[CTOR-646] refresh Cisco UCS doc page (#3419)
centreon/centreon-documentation: pp/integrations/plugin-packs/procedures/hardware-servers-cisco-ucs-snmp.md

import Tabs from '@theme/Tabs';
import TabItem from '@theme/TabItem';

## Overview

> Cisco Unified Computing System (UCS) is a system of servers, a network, storage and a storage network in a single platform.

Reviewer: ?

> The Centreon Monitoring Connector *Cisco UCS* relies on the SNMP protocol to query and collect status and metrics of the UCS server.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Centreon Monitoring Connector *Cisco UCS* relies on the SNMP protocol to query and collect statuses and metrics from the UCS server.
```
